it's late in the afternoon a little after
five o'clock Atlantic time here as we
hover over the Caribbean sea on the first
of January now it is year twenty twenty
six this is actually the year that the
time of Israel's troubles will begin we're
less than five months away as it will
commence on Shabuwah the twenty second of
may this year
We're going to return to the most
important song ever written.
It was scribed by Yahowah three thousand
years ago.
It is a Psalm, the eighty ninth,
which completely destroys,
obliterates every claim of the Christian
religion,
negates even the possibility that there
was a Jesus Christ.
It also undermines the beginnings of
Judaism with Rabbi Akiba promoting a false
messiah in Bar Kokhba.
There really is nothing left of either
religion when you understand what God had
to say about his beloved son, David,
the messiah, our savior, his chosen one,
the one through whom Yahowah
has committed to work and to establish the
covenant.
And so now we're going to continue this
magnificent, as I have said,
glorious ode to the most important man who
ever lived, to God's favorite person.
And I will establish his seed,
that which he sowed,
sows, and his offspring,
his posterity and descendants,
as well as what he has,
what I should say could be yielded from
the seeds that he has sown,
doing so as an eternal witness
forevermore.
And his throne, his seat of honor,
is going to be equated to the days
of
of heaven Mizmowr lyrics that's quite a
statement now keep in mind that there's
only one person who is named in this
psalm and he is named on several occasions
but the entire Mizmowr is devoted to
him his name is Dowd
It is mistakenly,
errantly rendered as David by so many,
but there is no V in Hebrew,
not at this era anyway.
It wasn't until the rabbis started to
gerrymander the language to suit their own
agenda.
His name is spelled Daleth, Wa-Daleth.
every time that it is written in his
own hand,
every time that Yahowah writes it,
every time that it is stated within three
hundred years of his first of three lives.
And Dowd, D-W-D,
would be not only pronounced as Dowd,
but it would be identical to the Hebrew
word Dowd, which means beloved.
So let's be clear.
God is speaking of doubt.
Now, the God I know,
and I've worked with him side by side
for now, twenty four years.
He does not have amnesia.
He's not suffering from some kind of a
cerebral issue.
He doesn't have dementia.
I say that, it should be obvious,
but obviously it's not among the religious
because they think that God is so
dim-witted that he doesn't know the name
of his Messiah, our King, his son,
or the one through whom he worked.
Because every time he makes a statement
about this individual, he calls him dote.
He says, Dowd is my son.
I am his father.
Dowd is the Messiah.
He is the king whose seat of honor
is going to be established forevermore.
That his time is going to be equated
to the very measurement of time in
Shamaym.
He never once mentions a Iusu Christu.
a Jesus Christ,
or anybody by any other name regarding
these promises ever.
So is your God so goddamn stupid that
he doesn't know the name of his son?
That he doesn't know the name of the
Messiah?
king who's going to occupy that seat of
honor forevermore?
Well,
evidently for two point five billion
people today, God is that stupid?
Because you claim it's Jesus Christ and he
claims it's Dowd.
You can't have both.
Your God is either stupid or you're
stupid.
That's really it.
No other options beyond that.
And I will establish, I will appoint,
I will preserve
His seed, that which he sows,
his offspring.
Seed, Zerah, in...
Hebrew is an important word it is not
only the actionable basis for Zarowa of
which Dowd serves as the sacrificial lamb
who fulfilled Passover it's been already
acknowledged in this psalm but it also
conveys uh Zarowa and the sense of
describing it as one who cultivates the
seeds for a productive harvest and it
would be Dowd's herald who is working in
that capacity
Paul used Zerah to try to undermine the
Towrah.
He claimed that since Zerah is singular,
that there could be only one seed,
and therefore you could pass the entire
Israelite experience.
You could bypass the entire Towrah,
and you could go from Abraham directly to
his Iusu Christu without stopping anywhere
along the way.
But of course, that's utter nonsense.
I mean, not only is seed, zera,
considered plural in all of its
applications.
When you say,
I'm going to buy a bag of seed,
you, chances are, expect more than one.
You said, I'm going to seed the field.
You probably are going to plant more than
one.
But it's under this dunderhead conclusion
that
Paul advanced the lies that now permeate
the Christian New Testament.
But it isn't his seeds that matter,
nor is it the seed of Abraham.
It is the seeds that were cultivated and
sowed by Dowd.
And Christianity has no place for him.
They have him dead, buried,
and excluded from heaven.
So they could steal everything that
pertains to him is, of course, the reason.
So this says, I will establish.
I is Yahowah, speaking in first person.
He just happens to be God,
in case you don't know.
His seed, that which he sows,
his offspring, which, by the way,
is more than one,
as an eternal witness forever,
as an everlasting and enduring testimony,
as evidence which serves as proof,
and his seat of honor, his throne,
because, by the way,
he's returning as king,
is going to be equated to the days
of heaven.
Are you familiar with how time flows in
a place like heaven that is essentially
energy and light based?
Let me give you a clue.
It is eternal.
On a photon of light,
all time exists simultaneously, past,
present and future.
And so Dowd was, he is,
he always will be.
And it's one of the things that I've
always suspected about Dowd.
And I think there are others in God's
plans that are similar in this regard.
For Dowd's seat of honor next to Yahowah
to be considered and equated to the days
of heaven.
Then what that means is that
Dowd soul has always been will always be
it is it means that Dowd's very much
like Yahowah who said that his name was
based upon the Hebrew verb Hayah was is
will always be and
One of the things that I learned very
early on is that when God created this
planet and us to thrive on it,
that we were placed in a protected and
enclosed environment that was conducive to
life in three dimensions.
And that we are
Beings that move in the ordinary flow of
time.
But time is a dimension.
And there are at least six dimensions to
this universe,
which puts Yahowah in the seventh dimension
to have created a six dimensional
universe.
That says a lot of things to us.
One of the things it says is that
Yahowah as a seven dimensional being cannot
enter the sixth dimension,
the fifth dimension, the fourth dimension,
and most certainly not the third.
He can't enter,
the totality of God can't enter the
three-D realm that we occupy here on
earth.
It's impossible.
And it's impossible for a being to have
created a universe,
particularly one of this size of which is
at least two trillion galaxies,
averaging several hundred billion stars a
piece,
Unless he is a dimension beyond that which
he created.
Therefore,
the very basis of Christianity where God
is a man is utterly absurd.
It says that you don't understand the
nature of universe or of the difference
between energy and matter.
Well, Yahowah does, and I can assure you,
and he has just said that Dowd's Seat
of Honor, it's equated to,
it's similar to the time in the spiritual
realm,
which of course is not just everlasting.
It's what you would call time full.
On a photon of light,
all time exists simultaneously.
And so the covenant's children are
beneficiaries of what Dowd has sown.
And as such, we are his offspring.
The legacy of the harvest he has provided
by fulfilling Pesach, Matzah, and Bikuwrym.
Through the son,
the father has built a family.
That's why he said twice here that not
only is Dowd the exemplar of the covenant
family,
but he is the enabler of the covenant
family.
All five benefits of the covenant are
derived from his fulfillment of Pesach,
Matzah, and Bikuwrym in thirty-three CE,
year four thousand year.
So as a result,
Dowd's place of honor and his resulting
offspring, the firstborn children,
shall endure forever.
As replete with time as are the days
in the spiritual realm.
So we now know that in the spiritual
abode of God,
there is a seat of honor,
indeed a throne.
And it has Dowd's name written on it.
Therefore,
it's not just through the millennial
kingdom as we return to the conditions of
Eden during the thousand-year celebration
of Sukah that we should expect to see
Dowd shepherd his flock as king.
But in heaven...
as well and it supersedes the
six-dimensional universe that is all
around us now if we wish to be
there with him it's important that we
realize that where there is free will
there are choices to be made and alliances
to be established and some unfortunately
broken though it shows wisely
electing to closely examine and carefully
consider Yahowah's Towrah.
His hundred and nineteenth Mizmowr,
a psalm,
reveals twenty-two stanzas of alphabetic
presentation of the Towrah in alphabetic
order.
He went through each of the twenty-two
letters, wrote eight,
which is the number of eternity,
statements regarding each of those
twenty-two letters in alphabetic order.
beautifully organized.
That's why the hundred and nineteenth
Mizmowr Psalm is so robust with insights,
and it remains one of the crowning
achievements of his life.
The third volume of An Introduction to God
is focused almost entirely on this
important piece of literature that comes
from the pen of our King.
Now, unfortunately, those
who are misled by the likes of Paul,
Akiba, and Muhammad.
They're going to face the consequence of
having chosen poorly because they've been
led astray.
And in particular, Yahuwdym,
the direct descendants of Dowd.
The text reads, however...
if his children continue to forsake,
ignore, or reject my Towrah,
my teaching and guidance,
and if they make a habit of failing
to walk according to my means to justly
resolve disputes and to exercise good
judgment,
if they perpetually view my clearly
communicated prescriptions for living with
contempt,
And further,
if they consistently fail to observe the
instructive terms of the relationship,
then I will hold them accountable with the
full measure of their religious rebellion
and popular revolt.
The consequence of their deviation from
the way and of their wrongdoing will be
a pestilence which causes widespread
death.
Ms.
Moore.
Lyrics to sing.
Psalm.
Eighty-nine thirty-two.
Read it and weep if you are religious.
If you believe that there was a Jesus
Christ or that Akiba was right in
promoting the Messiah Bar Kokhba,
you're in trouble.
If you think that God replaced
The Towrah with the New Testament?
Arrivederci.
You're done.
Toast.
You think that the Koran prevails over the
Towrah?
Then you're an idiot.
If you think that the Talmud is Towrah,
then you would be mistaken.
So this has a whole host of if,
if, if, if, if, then.
And the then is really bad.
The then says this all leads to a
pandemic situation.
of death,
a plague that is widespread and deadly,
irrecoverable.
So what are those things that would keep
vast populations from knowing God?
Where the overwhelming preponderance of
people are affected by their choices in
this regard.
All right,
so it's talking about the descendants of
Dowd.
They would be Yahuwdym.
It says, however, if his children,
those who would be associated or
affiliated with him by way of the covenant
or ethnicity,
Continue to azab.
Azab is about the worst word there is
in the Hebrew language.
Azab is a dirty word in Hebrew.
It is a four-letter word that you don't
want any part of.
It means to forsake, to reject,
to neglect, to disavow, and yes, to damn.
It was written here in the call imperfect,
which means that this is an ongoing
condition.
Now,
that is very favorable for those of you
who are still clinging to a nuance of
religion.
And that is because you are not guilty
of violating this, which is to forsake,
ignore,
reject Yahowah's Towrah the moment you stop.
That's so much better.
If this had been written in the perfect
conjugation,
that would mean that you're one and done.
You do this and it's over for you.
Now, that being the case,
I wouldn't be here.
That being the case,
there wouldn't be many who could ever
measure up to what God's expectations
would be.
The fact that it's written in the
imperfect, as are, by the way,
all but one of the ten statements that
Yahowah etched in stone.
With the imperfect,
you have a chance to stop.
Just to stop.
Don't do it anymore.
And once you have refrained from doing it,
you're no longer guilty of it.
All right.
So, those who continue to forsake, ignore,
or reject.
My Towrah.
If you continually reject Yahowah's Towrah,
as is the case with Judaism because they
prefer the Talmud,
as is the case with Christianity because
their preference is to replace it with the
New Testament,
as is the case with Islam because they
replaced it with the Koran.
If you do that, you're done.
You're going to suffer the plague of
death.
I mean,
these things are not such that you have
to be guilty of doing all of them.
One of them is enough to condemn you
if you continue to do so.
So if you continue to reject, neglect,
abandon, depart from,
or disavow Yahowah's Towrah,
You're going to die.
No hope.
That means that there isn't a single
Christian ever that is in heaven.
Not one.
Not a single Muslim.
Not a single religious Jew.
Because they have all departed from
Yahowah's Towrah.
Now I should make this perfectly clear to
you.
Towrah does not mean law.
Hebrew doesn't even have a word for obey.
Towrah is based upon the verb Yarah.
Everyone with any amount of skill and
language can look that up.
It doesn't take a lot.
Yahowah defines Towrah using the verbal root
of Yarah.
Yarah means source from which teaching and
guidance, instruction, and direction flow.
So Yahowah's Towrah is teaching and
guidance.
When it is suffixed with ani,
it is my source of instruction and
direction.
See, with instructions and directions,
guidance and teaching, you can learn,
you can come to understand,
you can make intelligent decisions,
you can be properly guided.
It's an entirely different construct than
a law that has to be obeyed.
You see,
laws are not there for you to understand.
Laws were not written to enlighten you.
Laws were written to keep you from doing
certain behaviors.
Laws are very seldom there to encourage
you to do something beneficial.
They're always there to prevent you from
doing what the
those in charge of the society don't want
you to do.
Well, teaching is exactly the opposite,
is a positive thing.
It encourages you to learn.
It offers to guide you.
It doesn't begin with a don't,
and it doesn't include an obey.
Teaching from a word like Towrah is
encapsulated with the two verbs that
Yahowah uses consistently regarding it.
Shamar, observe,
which means to examine and consider.
And shamah.
Shamah is to listen, to hear.
So,
The first thing is you will have damned
yourself if you continue to reject
Yahowah's Towrah guidance.
Or if you make a habit of failing
to walk,
to go through life according to Yahowah's
means to Mishpat, Mishpat,
resolve disputes, exercise good judgment,
make sound decisions.
Mishpat is another word that shouldn't be
surprising to anyone.
Anyone should be able to figure it out.
Mishpat is a compound of my,
which in Hebrew means to ponder the
implications of, and Shaphat.
Shaphat is to judge,
to make sound decisions,
to exercise good judgment,
to be reasonable.
So,
So anybody who fails to walk and conduct
their lives consistent with the means that
Yahowah has provided to resolve disputes by
exercising good judgment and making sound
decisions.
The third if.
If they perpetually view my,
this would be Yahowah's, chuqqah.
Clearly communicated prescriptions for
living.
Doing so with contempt.
These are the things that cut us into
the relationship.
And God says by to all,
he doesn't want us profaning them.
Now to profane is to make common.
It is to dishonor by religious means.
The most popular institution for
on earth and it has been for at
least six thousand years is religion that
is what's common and so all means to
don't profane something by making it
common and so don't turn god's inscribed
prescriptions for living by making them
religious don't do that recognize what god
wrote for us inscribed in stone etched in
stone so that your life can be worth
living so that you can make a contribution
to our world to god's covenant family then
it goes on and further if they
consistently fail to observe my and
therefore Yahowah's Mitswah
Mitswah is another very simple compound
word to understand.
M-Y again from meh means to ponder the
implications of Tsawah means instructions
and directions.
So if they fail to consider and fail
to observe, this has lo shamar,
the instructive terms of the relationship,
then I will hold them accountable.
God's putting you on notice.
I'm going to hold you accountable if you
neglect my Towrah,
if you neglect the instructions I
inscribed in stone,
if you fail to walk in a manner
where you're exercising good judgment.
And he views your or anyone's decision in
this regard as being wrong.
Rebellious, being religious,
being involved in a revolt against him.
He reviews it as revolting, a defiance,
being contrarian to everything he has
offered.
The consequence of deviation from this way
and of wrongdoing is, he says,
a pestilence.
It's a plague of death.
It's a blow that physically infects the
individual and plagues the entire
community that is spread as a result of
a fungus.
And fungus is a pervasive yeast that
infects everything.
Ms.
Moore.
So according to God,
souls who neglect the Towrah die.
That's your choice.
If you are of the belief that the
rabbis are telling the truth by calling
their Talmud Towrah, then I'm sorry,
you're going to die.
You were hoodwinked.
You were beguiled.
Yahowah's Towrah,
they parade around like it's a whore.
Their Towrah they study.
That's what they do in their yeshivas.
Their Talmud is the arguments of rabbis.
And speaking of rabbis,
the first to call himself a rabbi was
Paul.
It means I'm great and he's not.
And as a result of that rabbinical rubbish
became the Christian New Testament.
And it goes to war with the Towrah.
So God's saying that if you believe what
Paul wrote, you're going to die.
So the consequence of ignoring Yahowah's
teachings is to endure the plague of
death.
To reject God's guidance is to be held
accountable.
There is no substitute and no getting
around this.
Not with the Talmud, not with the Gospels,
and certainly not with the Koran.
The Towrah is the key to heaven.
and it is a decidedly anti-religious book.
It provides Yahowah's means to resolve
disputes.
Of course,
that's Passover and un-yeasted bread
leading to Bikuwrym.
With it,
we find Yahowah's clearly communicated
prescriptions for living,
Bikuwrym and Shabuwah.
Observing it leads the observant through
Taruwah to Kipurym and Sukah, reconciled.
and at home, and of course,
featured throughout the opening book of
the Towrah, Bare’syth,
is the Beryth covenant of Yahowah,
the very cornerstone of what God is
seeking to achieve.
To deviate from Yahowah's Towrah teaching
through religious rebellion has
devastating consequences,
causing widespread pandemics.
Consider the fate of Jews since they last
accepted those guidance in this regard as
proof.
Similarly,
those who were infected by Paul's plague
of death, use Yahowah's term and Chabaquwq,
they're going to die as a result of
it.
The New Testament is wrong.
Annulling the Towrah, forsaking, ignoring,
and rejecting Yahowah's teaching and
guidance is deadly.
There is no cure.
No salvation for those who fail to observe
and appreciate God's means to resolve
disputes, to exercise good judgment,
or those who hold His clearly communicated
prescriptions for living in contempt.
God's put us on notice.
Yahowah's mercy is afforded to the
thousands amongst billions who embrace the
instructive terms of His relationship
agreement.
It's our choice,
but we will be held accountable for those
we continue to make,
particularly about father and son,
as this mizmowr,
this song is being articulated to us.
Those who would ignore or purloin that
which is attributed to doubt, David,
to salvage their religious beliefs,
simply are rejecting God.
They will neither change their minds,
or they will remain out of their minds.
Although the mind has never been the
repository for religious beliefs, has it?
Accordingly, my unwavering love,
enduring devotion,
and unmitigated favoritism, affection,
and generosity,
I will never remove from him, dote,
or withdraw from being with him,
Because I will never communicate something
which is not true.
Nor will I ever contradict my steadfast
commitment to the truth.
Well, you can kiss your Jesus goodbye.
You can kiss your rabbis goodbye.
You can light a fire under Muhammad's
britches.
Sorry, just over.
God has said that Dowd is the one.
He enabled the covenant.
He is the recipient of Yahowah's
favoritism.
He is his chosen one.
He is the Messiah.
He is the king whose seat of honor
and throne endure forever in all places
throughout all time.
He is all of these things.
And
Then he says that he is these things
because he did not ignore the Towrah,
because he did not avoid that which was
etched in stone,
because his walk was not thoughtless,
but instead he exercised good judgment.
And accordingly, therefore,
God's unwavering love,
his enduring devotion,
his favoritism is directed
to this one man, Dowd.
And God says,
I am never going to remove or withdraw
from him or being with him,
which means he could not have been
replaced by a Jesus, doesn't it?
That means that your Christian religion is
worthless.
In fact, it's counterproductive.
It's irritating to God.
God told you that he is never going
to withdraw from Dowd.
And yet,
You believe that all of those titles and
achievements were stolen from him because
he's dead and buried and excluded from
heaven so that you can worship a God
man who was so anemic men could kill
him.
That's how pathetic your religion is and
how irritating it is to God.
God said clearly his words allow,
I will never remove myself from him or
withdraw from being with him ever.
Why can't God or won't God ever revoke
or disassociate or annul his association
with Dowd as the chosen one,
as his son, as the Messiah and King?
Why?
Because he's told us that he never would.
And he then reemphasizes this because I
will never communicate something which is
not true,
nor will I ever contradict my steadfast
faith.
Commitment to the truth.
God is saying here, I don't have amnesia.
I'm not suffering from dementia.
I know the name of my son.
I know the one that I have favored
among all others.
I know the one that I have chosen
as my coworker.
I know the Messiah.
I know the King.
And everything that I've said that I will
achieve for him, I will do.
Because I'm committed to the truth and I
will never change my mind in this regard.
Therefore,
there cannot be a New Testament,
a Talmud or a Quran.
Impossible.
I mean, think it through.
Why do you need to?
And when your religion requires your God
to have been stupid,
to contradict himself, to be capricious,
to be dishonorable.
Maybe your religion isn't worth believing.
Certainly not worth trusting, is it?
Why would you trust an untrustworthy God?
And that's what you need for Christianity
or Judaism or Islam.
You have to believe a God who dishonors
and betrays all of his promises.
That is really, really foolish.
Don't do that.
It says, I will never dishonor or betray,
nor will I poke holes in.
I will never defile,
treating as if it were common and thus
not uniquely special,
sullying or desecrating.
And I will never perforate,
creating loopholes which violate the
nature of my covenant family.
Nor will I ever alter,
disguise or change that which has gone
forth from my lips.
Mizmowr, Eighty-Nine, Thirty-Four.
No new covenant.
No new testament.
No new replacement Messiah.
No new and different Son of God.
No different God.
No different testimony.
You see, God just went from,
I will never renege on my relationship
with Dowd.
to I will never Welsh,
I will never vary in any way whatsoever,
betray, poke holes in,
or dishonor my covenant.
Dowd covenant.
Same.
One after the other.
As a matter of fact, it went Towrah,
Dowd, covenant.
You will not.
live,
you will be plagued by a pandemic disease
and die if you neglect my Towrah.
Accordingly, I will never betray Dowd.
And then in the next breath,
he equates Dowd again with the covenant.
I will never dishonor, never defile,
never treat as if it were common,
never
Hold in contempt, never desecrate,
never create loopholes which violate the
nature of my covenant.
The covenant is Yahowah's.
And he achieves the benefits of the
covenant through doubt.
Nor will I ever disguise, alter,
or change that which has gone forth from
my lips.
Sorry, you can't have a Lord Jesus Christ.
You can't have a gospel of grace.
You can't have a New Testament.
You can't have a Talmud.
It is that simple.
To claim otherwise is either to be
completely ignorant of what God said or
completely irrational,
such that you're unable to process what he
said, or you just don't give a damn.
that you're going to pretend that you've
got this religion that you're worshiping a
God that despises you for negating
everything he has said.
You're nothing but an irritant.
You're a buffoon.
If you're a Christian or a practitioner of
Judaism,
considering what God wrote for us to
consider here in the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
and it doesn't stand alone.
It's consistent with everything else God
said.
You either accept Dowd as your king,
your savior, Messiah, the son of God,
the exemplar of the covenant,
the one through whom its benefits were
enabled, and Yahowah as his father,
or it's over.
Don't complain.
That's because I'm going to hold you
accountable.
His words are clear.
He's not going to change them.
He is not going to create an exemption
for you because of the nature of your
heart or because of your opinions or your
beliefs.
But I, Paul,
say he is just not going to do
it ever.
There will be no exceptions for you.
God's doubling down again.
Echad.
There's only one.
Once and for all,
there is only one man to whom I
have affirmed the truth by having made a
promise.
By my Qodesh 'ani,
uniquely set apart nature.
if not to Dowd I will be proven
a liar Mizmowr lyrics psalm I've said
it now times because it's become obvious
now times there is no possibility
whatsoever
that God inspired a New Testament in
Christianity.
No possibility whatsoever that there was a
Jesus Christ.
No possibility of any kind that the Talmud
or Zohar are true.
None.
God said there's only one man.
Not several men, not, oh, well, you know,
I started with this guy,
but then I changed my mind and went
to another guy.
You know,
Paul claims that God appointed him to the
world to change everything he had to say.
God said, no,
I made a promise to one guy.
One guy.
I've made a promise to one guy.
And that guy's name is Dowd.
And God said, that's just it.
You know,
there is only one to whom I have
affirmed the truth by having made a
promise.
Only one.
Rich, don't worry about him.
Just let him go and we'll do what
you're doing in here.
And if our beloved Wookie wants to act
all belligerent and everything,
we're just going to have to let him
go.
I'm sorry,
two of our three dogs were around here
until they decided that they would play
watchdog.
But this is important.
Echad.
Echad means one.
Doesn't mean two.
It doesn't mean one after another.
It means once and for all.
There is only one man.
To whom?
I, Yahowah, have affirmed the truth.
by making a solemn promise, Shabbat.
By my uniquely set apart nature,
if not to doubt, if not to doubt,
then you can call me a liar.
Then I will have communicated that which
is not true with that which is deceptive
and false.
I will have failed
and have been deceiving and delusional.
And that's what you require.
If you're a Christian and believe that
Jesus Christ existed and that he was the
Son of God and Messiah, Savior,
then you're calling God a liar.
Simple, irrefutable.
If you are a practitioner of Judaism and
you believe the father of Judaism and Bar
Kokhba that, excuse me, Rabbi Akiba,
that Bar Kokhba was a Messiah,
or you're expecting an unknown savior
Messiah to arrive at some undetermined
time, you're calling God a liar.
This is what Yahowah said.
One man, one man, don't.
All of human history revolves around one
man.
He is the fulcrum between life and death,
between salvation and damnation,
or just simply dissipation into
nothingness.
If you don't understand that Dowd is not
only the son of God, the chosen one,
the exemplar of the family covenant,
the former and returning king,
the Messiah,
And our Savior for having fulfilled peace,
Matsah and Bikuwrym, as he foretold.
Then you're just not going to live.
You will not make it past your current
mortality.
You're going to die.
And if you ascribe contradictions of this,
like Jesus or Muhammad, Allah, Hashem,
then you're a plague.
The consequences will be even more
grievous.
I mean,
God could not have been any clearer with
you.
Because of the eighty ninth Psalm and
this, the thirty fifth verse,
the thirty fourth, the thirty third,
the thirty second, the thirty fourth,
every one of these statements.
There's only one man that matters.
Really, one man.
Yeah, Moshe is important.
He delivered the narrative pursuant to the
covenant.
Dowd enabled it.
He embodied it.
Yeah,
there were lots of prophets that spoke of
what was going to happen,
but Dowd was not only a prophet,
but he talked the talk and walked the
walk.
His most important prophecies were about
his own fulfillment of Pesach Matzah
Bikuwrym in thirty three C.E.
You see,
Dowd is the one who was crucified,
not this mythical Jesus.
Dowd is the one who spoke of himself
as it's recorded in Daniel nine.
Not of someone else.
He is Gabriel,
God's most courageous and capable man.
If you don't recognize Dowd as being the
one, the one who matters,
the one who is offering you life,
acquittal from your religious guilt,
acceptance into the very covenant family
of God, an inheritance,
being enriched and empowered by God,
then you will not experience any of these
things.
Dowd's it.
There's no other alternative.
You either recognize and accept what Dowd
has accomplished, who he is,
what he represents to God and to yourself,
or you will die separated from God.
God's not kidding around here.
He's not going to make any exceptions
here.
Not for you, not for anyone.
You either acknowledge what I am sharing
with you or you
Your soul has no hope of ever existing
beyond its term on this planet.
By itself,
this would rank as one of Yahowah's most
influential statements.
However,
when it's combined with the others,
the thirty-four that preceded in this song
that he has made throughout this Dowd
song,
God's citations speak more pervasively and
passionately
than anything ever conveyed by God or man.
These words are transformational.
They are life changing.
I have established cutting through
separation,
the breath covenant for the family and
home through Ani Bakowr, my chosen one,
the person I prefer and have decided upon.
I've sworn an oath and I will affirm
this promise seven times over to Dowd,
Ebed Annie,
my authorized agent and coworker who
serves on my behalf.
Furthermore, as an Ad Olam,
eternal witness to the restoring
testimony,
I will prepare and establish your
offspring and that which you sow.
In addition,
I will construct a home for your throne
and seat of honor on behalf of all
generations, all places,
and throughout time.
Therefore, in relation to this logically,
You spoke in a revelation to your Bachar,
your chosen and tested ones, saying,
I have equated and bestowed assistance,
supplying what is needed on behalf of the
Gabor,
the most courageous and capable of men.
I have raised up and exalted the Bakowr,
the chosen one, from the people.
I have discovered and then made known,
encountered, experienced, and exposed God,
my coworker.
Out of my set-apart oil, I have mashach.
I have anointed him.
so that to show the way to the
benefits of the relationship,
my hand and my influence will be
established and steadfast, authenticated,
and unwavering with you.
In addition, and beyond this, Ani Zarowa,
my protective shepherd, my strong arm,
and the very sacrificial lamb,
the one cultivating and sowing these seeds
for a productive harvest,
will empower and embolden you,
strengthening you,
while enabling your growth.
Therefore,
my steadfast commitment to the truth and
my unwavering love, persistent devotion,
and enduring favoritism are with him in my
name.
His light will radiate and enlighten,
and his brilliant horn,
symbolic of his status and strength,
and his role as the protective ram among
the sheep,
will be lifted up and raised on high.
Indeed, exalted.
He himself will call out to me,
and he will welcome me, announcing,
you are my father.
You are my father.
I also will bestow him as a gift,
appointing and making him Bakowr Ani,
my firstborn son.
'Elyown is the very influence of Almighty
God, the highest, the uppermost.
in comparison to any other ruler of the
earth.
Accordingly, my unwavering love,
enduring devotion, unmitigated favoritism,
affection, and generosity,
I will never revoke, disassociate,
or remove from him,
nor withdraw from being with him.
Never.
I will never betray who I am by
communicating something which is
misleading or untrue,
nor will I contradict or undermine my
steadfast commitment to uphold the truth
and remain accurate and reliable.
I will never, ever
dishonor, or betray.
Nor will I create loopholes which alter,
Beryth any my covenant agreement.
Nor will I ever alter, disguise,
or change, rearrange, modify, or dispute,
nor even duplicate that which has gone
forth from my lips.
'Echad, there is only one,
to whom I have affirmed the truth by
having made a promise,
thereby validating my commitment,
which will be affirmed seven times over,
by my Qodesh 'ani,
uniquely set-apart nature, if not to,
through, and regarding.
Dowd.
I am delusional and will be proven a
liar.
This is the bright line drawn by God
in the sands of time.
It was presented in year three thousand
year,
nine sixty eight BCE as the cornerstone
of the home for the covenant family was
laid atop Mount Moriah.
Exactly three thousand years after we were
escorted out of Eden,
and precisely three thousand years before
we will be allowed to return to the
garden.
Yahowah undeniably and unequivocally
presented his most impassioned plea to his
people.
His focus was on his family,
and through his foremost son.
This is the cornerstone of the family
home,
which was laid upon Moriah and which
everyone has unfortunately rejected.
Had Yahuwdym Jews, which is a,
by the way,
a compound of Yahowah's name and Dowd's
name, Yahuwd, Yahowah, and Dowd, Yahuwd,
listened.
Had they embraced and accepted Yahowah's
approach to Dowd and the covenant,
which is equivalent to him,
literally one in the same.
You can't enter the covenant without Dowd.
You can't understand the covenant without
Dowd.
You can't approach God's family except
through Dowd.
if Israel had accepted this had returned
to it they would have remained the
brightest light in an what would have been
then an enlightened world there would have
been no Christianity no Judaism no Islam
imperial Rome would never have sacked
Jerusalem or Israel nor with the Assyrians
nor with the Babylonians nor with the
Muslims nor with the roman Catholics
The assaults of these Assyrians,
Egyptians, Babylonians, Macedonians,
Romans, you see,
they never would have occurred.
Dowd's return to fulfill the first three
Mowedym would have been celebrated.
With God's people flocking to the
covenant,
Paul would have been immediately rebuked
and discredited such that Christianity
would never have existed.
Akiba and his false messiah would have
gone unheralded,
nipping the emergence of Judaism in the
bud.
There would have been no diaspora and no
oppression in Europe.
over the millennia.
No anti-Semitism.
And without rabbis and their Talmud,
Muhammad would not have had sufficient
material to create a Quran.
And therefore,
Islam would have died in Kabbalah and
Petra.
There would be no Dome of the Rock
scarring the Temple Mount,
no Al-Aqsa Mosque poisoning it,
and no Islamic terrorism derived from
them.
The Holocaust.
would never have occurred.
Of all of the things to ignore,
these declarations from Yahowah were the
costliest and most debilitating.
The relationship God intended was thereby
replaced with religion,
and humankind suffered,
estranged from Yahowah as a consequence.
This is as in your face as God
could possibly make it.
It's against the very existence of the
Haredi, of Christians and of Muslims.
And so, world,
you've done this to yourselves,
necessitating Yahowah's rebuke.
So who are you to demand that God
change everything he has said and done
to accommodate you and your perverted
religion.
It's you.
It's you who have called God a liar
through your Talmud and New Testament.
It is you who have replaced Yahowah's
covenant with one of your own,
poking holes in his and the process of
defiling it.
Now, in particular,
Christians believing Sha'uwl Paul over
father and son have created the most
common and thus profane religion in the
history of mankind.
Transferring the promises made to Dowd and
to Yisrael,
such that they were given to the
mythological misnomer Jesus Christ,
a crude counterfeit.
Shame!
for anyone for believing and promoting
contradictions of Yahowah's testimony and
claiming that they were inspired by this
very God who told you don't do that.
Undermining the full measure of his mercy.
Condescending the very reliability of his
testimony.
Literally.
There can be,
there will never be any accommodation for
a gospel of grace, for salvation by faith,
for a New Testament,
for Jesus Christ being the Messiah,
the Son of God or the King of
Kings.
He's not the Savior.
He never existed.
To claim otherwise is to call God a
liar.
And while these words from our God serve
as a death blow to Christianity,
one thousand years before Paul thrust his
demonic devotion upon an unsuspecting
world,
his New Testament was not the gravest of
crimes.
How did one hundred and fifty generations
of Jewish sages, scholars and rabbis,
over the course of three thousand years,
all managed to deny the obvious.
Why did they collectively and individually
deprive Jews of knowing Yahowah through his
beloved son, Dowd?
Why did they prevent the salvation of
several hundred million Jewish souls?
Why isn't there a single credible Jewish
sage, scholar,
or rabbi on record affirming and promoting
the impassioned message of Father toward
his Son in this, the Eighty-ninth Mizmowr?
Everything, literally everything,
including the survival of Yisrael and of
humankind, the salvation of our souls,
is predicated upon the words Yahowah spoke
to us three thousand years ago,
memorialized here in the eighty-ninth
Psalm.
And this bold declaration does not stand
alone,
but is instead reinforced by the entirety
of the Towrah and the Nabi prophets.
It is the same wonderful and consistent,
enormously loving message that is conveyed
throughout.
This is just the grand crescendo of the
chorus.
The reason, of course,
that this is so is because father and
son fulfilled the Miqraey together.
This is the cornerstone of the family
home.
We find and embrace our heavenly father
through his beloved son.
They are inseparable.
They are becoming indistinguishable.
That is what Elyown means.
If you don't understand Yahowah's
proclamation of his beloved son, Dowd,
as Elyown,
then you're missing the big picture.
He's the greater luminary.
He's the tree of lives.
He's our savior.
He's our king.
He's the very influence of God in our
presence.
There is one God with a single Towrah.
He has one covenant, albeit seven Miqraey,
which bring us home.
There is one Messiah, one Son of God,
and a single Passover lamb.
He is our Savior.
this will never change it will never be
altered in any way nothing Yahowah has
revealed will be annulled especially his
love for his firstborn son our savior and
king doubt
Good night from the Caribbean Sea.
I wish you and yours Yahowah's blessings.